---
   title: "My first Github resume"
   date: 2026-02-24
   ---

   Welcome to my blog! This is my resume site.

   Marliex Curry - Student Game Developer - Curry33@mctc.edu

   I am a student game developer, learning C++, PHP, Python, and UE5. I am good at working in a fast-paced environment and working with crew members. I can quickly and efficiently cook food, and I am able to adjust to rush hours. I can also stock shelves with ease, unload trucks safely at a fast pace, and I can help customers find whatever they need.

   Experience:
      Game Development at Mountwest Community & Technical College
      2024-current
      Unreal Engine 5 - I have some experience using UE5. So far, I have worked with blueprints, C++, and experimented with my own projects. 
      Python - I have some experience using Python. So far, I have learned how to make lists, dictionaries, simple programs, and the basics. 
      2D Platformer - I am currently creating my own 2D platformer. I have created the main character, enemy characters, the first map level, implementing health, damage, animations, item pick-ups, and more. 
      3D Games – I’m currently working on a souls-like RPG game. I have equipable armor, item slots, potions, combat system, AI enemies, two boss fights, an inventory system, a save system, menu, animations and much more. 
      HTML - So far, I have learned the basics of creating a webpage. I have made 6 webpages for restaurants, video game stores, resmues, etc.
      C++ - I have a few months’ experience so far with C++. I know some of the basics and I am continuing to learn.
    
    Walmart – Sales Associate
      2014-2015
      Stocking - I was tasked with stocking the grocery section and the electronics department. 
      Unloading - I would unload trucks and place the product where needed. 
      Price Change - I changed prices when needed. 
      New product - I would place new products on the day of release and set up displays. 
      Organizing - I would maintain a neat and orderly store, making sure misplaced products were put back in the correct area. 
      Customer Service - I would help customers find what they were looking for, including checking the back. 
      Shopping Carts - I would collect shopping carts from the parking lot and place them back in the store.
    
    Wendy’s – Crew Member
      2014
      Food prep - I prepped and cooked food in a fast-paced environment while ensuring quality and demand were both met. 
      Cleanliness - I made sure the kitchen and main lobby were clean and well-maintained. 
      Inventory - I managed inventory by unloading trucks, stocking the freezer, and ensuring there was an adequate supply. 
      Fast-paced environment - I was able to keep up and adjust during lunch rush, and I was able to adjust to slower periods.

    Education:
      Mountwest Community
      & Technical College
      2024-current
      AA in Information Technology
      Garnet Career Center
      2016
      GED

    Skills: 	
     UE5 Blueprints
     C++
     Python
     PHP
     Java
     HTML
     Blender
     Critical Thinking
     Customer Service

   
   
